Update office-365-groups-expiration-policy.md (#637)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-O365ITPro: Office365-Admin/create-groups/office-365-groups-expiration-policy.md

## How and when a Group owner learns if their Groups are going to expire

> Group owners will only be notified via email. Even if the group was created via Planner or SharePoint, or any other app except for Teams the expiration notifications will always come via email.If the group was created via Teams the group owner will receive a notification to renew through the activity section. It's not recommended to enable expiration on a group if your group owner doesn't have a valid email address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Group owners will only be notified via email. Even if the group was created via Planner or SharePoint, or any other app except via Teams, the expiration notifications will always come via email. If the group was created via Teams, the group owner will receive a notification to renew through the activity section. It's not recommended that you enable expiration on a group if your group owner doesn't have a valid email address.
```

> Group owners will only be notified via email. Even if the group was created via Planner or SharePoint, or any other app except for Teams, the expiration notifications will always come via email. If the group was created via Teams, the group owner will receive a notification to renew through the activity section. It's not recommended that you enable expiration on a group if your group owner doesn't have a valid email address.

Reviewer 2: Group owners will only be notified via email, except for groups created via Teams. If the group was created via Planner, SharePoint, or any app, the expiration notifications will always come via email. If the group was created via Teams, the group owner will receive a notification to renew through the activity section. It's not recommended that you enable expiration on a group if your group owner doesn't have a valid email address.

Author: Made changes as per your request.

> Group owners will only be notified via email, except for groups created via Teams. If the group was created via Planner, SharePoint, or any app, the expiration notifications will always come via email. If the group was created via Teams, the group owner will receive a notification to renew through the activity section. It's not recommended that you enable expiration on a group if your group owner doesn't have a valid email address.

Reviewer 2: sorry, that should say "any other app". Thanks!

Author: Corrected that.
